hello and welcome to another day in my
life
it's christmas day which this year is
made extra special with a combination of
having to spend it alone
working and forgetting to buy food not
all of which are my fault for a change
i get out of bed at 11am because i
figured the shorter i can make this day
the better i start by checking to see if
there's any work i need to do
i'm uncool for welfare so if there's any
students who would like to talk on
christmas i need to be available
for this i then decide to call my mom
for a chat
and we discuss why exactly this day
feels so much worse than others
when i've basically been alone for
almost a year at this point
she convinces me to go out for a walk
and while to her this is for the fresh
air to me this is the opportunity to get
some snacks
so i'm easily convinced i head out for a
walk along the river
and despite my freezing hands it's
actually quite beautiful to see the
water
enjoy an empty london and i even saw a
few dogs in christmas sweaters
which were the most adorable thing
i've decided i'm going to watch a movie
today which i haven't done on my own all
year
so i head to the only open shop on the
way home to get some popcorn
and after some careful deliberation
decide on getting some chocolate too
i schedule the only available food to
order which is pizza from a restaurant
with questionable reviews and call my
mom for the second time today
we add our grandma to the call and as
she doesn't celebrate christmas
it's a refreshing break from the deep
dark pain that is my soul today
after my order hasn't arrived two hours
after it was supposed to
and the restaurant not picking up on my
calls i decide to give up and place
another one
so i do end up having some form of
virtual christmas dinner with my family
with what has now become my most
expensive pizza
after this i give them a break from
having to pity me and
open netflix it's been a year since i
logged in at this point
but my much more entertaining sister is
luckily still logged into my computer
i'm genuinely excited to catch up on
rick and morty at this point
which for some reason is even funnier
than i remembered it
as i have the attention span of a
brussels sprout when it comes to
watching tv on my own
i'm soon done with rick and morty and
start to wonder how i can make this day
semi-productive
i decide to stop feeling sorry for
myself and overcome my first world
problems in a true first world manner
by doing a yearly review i have a bunch
of questions i wrote last week and so i
decided to spend the next hour or so
reflecting on what i learned from this
year
i will spare you the very thrilling
details but
i would genuinely recommend trying this
out i can share my questions if you
fancy
since i'm basically spoiling myself
today i decide to spend the rest of the
night catching up on a book i've wanted
to read for ages
it's called the course of love and it's
from one of my favorite authors
allende bottom i would recommend
anything
and everything this man produces it's so
so brilliant
my peaceful night gets slightly affected
by a fire alarm which has been ringing
all day in the flat
next to me but as it's 20 20 i guess
anything can happen i decide to have an
early night and refrain from
promising myself not to spend christmas
alone again
because i did that last year and look
where it got me
i wonder instead when the next time will
be that i'll get to spend time with
other people
as always if you made it so far thank
you so much for spending this day with
me
i do hope you had a wonderful christmas
alone or with others
thanks bye